fix signing alg values supported for ISO mdos in metadata (#495)
openid/OpenID4VCI: openid-4-verifiable-credential-issuance-1_0.md

The Credential Issuer SHOULD issue a Credential for each cryptographic public key specified in the `attested_keys` claim within the `key_attestation` parameter.

> Cryptographic algorithm identifiers used in the `proof_signing_alg_values_supported` Credential Issuer metadata parameter for this proof type are case sensitive strings and SHOULD be one of those defined in [@IANA.JOSE].

Reviewer: https://www.iana.org/assignments/jose/jose.xhtml#web-signature-encryption-algorithms describes them as "Algorithm Name", so just to be 100% clear here I think we could say:

```suggestion
Cryptographic algorithm identifiers used in the `proof_signing_alg_values_supported` Credential Issuer metadata parameter for this proof type are case sensitive strings and SHOULD be one of the Algorithm Names defined in [@IANA.JOSE].
```

#### Credential Issuer Metadata {#server-metadata-jwt-vc-json}

> Cryptographic algorithm identifiers used in the `credential_signing_alg_values_supported` parameter are case sensitive strings and SHOULD be one of those JWS algorithm names defined in [@IANA.JOSE].

Author: ```suggestion
Cryptographic algorithm identifiers used in the `credential_signing_alg_values_supported` parameter are case sensitive strings and SHOULD be one of those JWS Algorithm Names defined in [@IANA.JOSE].
```

### Credential Issuer Metadata {#server-metadata-mso-mdoc}

> Cryptographic algorithm names used in the `credential_signing_alg_values_supported` parameter correspond to the algorithm identifiers used to secure the COSE `IssuerAuth` structure, as defined in [@!ISO.18013-5]. The values SHOULD be chosen from the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Cryptographic algorithm identifiers used in the `credential_signing_alg_values_supported` parameter correspond to the algorithm identifiers used to secure the COSE `IssuerAuth` structure, as defined in [@!ISO.18013-5]. The values SHOULD be chosen from the following:
```

* The value exactly matches the `alg` value in the IssuerAuth COSE header.

> * The value is a fully specified algorithm, as defined in [I-D.ietf-jose-fully-specified-algorithms], and the combination of the `alg` value and the signing key's curve in the `IssuerAuth` COSE structure matches the combination specified by the fully specified algorithm.

Reviewer 2: As I stated in this PR https://github.com/openid/OpenID4VP/pull/553 im concerned about the complexity of this logic, rather than just having a `credential_signing_crv_values_supported` parameter which would mean the wallet nor the issuer would need to maintain mapping logic here as there would always be an explicit match.

Author: While I agree that a `_crv` parameter would be slightly less complex, the DCP WG decided not to introduce a `_crv` parameter for OID4VP, and opted for consistency by making the same decision for OID4VCI.

Author: I think we should actually require fully specified algorithm for this, otherwise the wallet does not know whether the curve is supported before getting the credential.

Author: Discussed in the WG and it makes no sense to require fully specified algorithm only.

Author: I added the suggestion raised in the last DCP WG call, so I believe this should be addressed.

### Credential Issuer Metadata {#server-metadata-mso-mdoc}

Cryptographic algorithm identifiers used in the `credential_signing_alg_values_supported` parameter correspond to the numeric COSE algorithm identifiers used to secure the `IssuerAuth` COSE structure, as defined in [@!ISO.18013-5]. The values SHOULD be chosen from the following:

* The value exactly matches the `alg` value in the `IssuerAuth` COSE header;
* Or, the value is a fully specified algorithm, as defined in [@!I-D.ietf-jose-fully-specified-algorithms], and the combination of the `alg` value and the signing key's curve in the `IssuerAuth` COSE structure matches the combination specified by the fully specified algorithm.

Example:

> If the `IssuerAuth` structure contains an `alg` header value of `-7` (ECDSA with SHA-256, per [@!IANA.COSE]) and is signed using a P-256 key, it matches both `-7` and `-9` in `credential_signing_alg_values_supported`. The latter (`-9`) corresponds to ECDSA with P-256 and SHA-256, as defined in [@!I-D.ietf-jose-fully-specified-algorithms].

Reviewer 3: But this means that there is no mechanism for the issuer to say:
- I support issuance of mdocs with -9, but not issuance of -7.
This can be important to know, since receiving an mdoc with -9 may not work for the wallet, while -7 does.

Author: @martijnharing Yes, that is not possible today. I would argue that even if we split the parameter into dedicated alg/crv parameters, the wallet would either receive -7 or -9 depending on the issuer's choice. What solution would you suggest instead?

### Credential Issuer Metadata {#server-metadata-mso-mdoc}

Cryptographic algorithm identifiers used in the `credential_signing_alg_values_supported` parameter correspond to the numeric COSE algorithm identifiers used to secure the `IssuerAuth` COSE structure, as defined in [@!ISO.18013-5]. The values SHOULD be chosen from the following:

* The value exactly matches the `alg` value in the `IssuerAuth` COSE header;

> * Or, the value is a fully specified algorithm, as defined in [@!I-D.ietf-jose-fully-specified-algorithms], and the combination of the `alg` value and the signing key's curve in the `IssuerAuth` COSE structure matches the combination specified by the fully specified algorithm.

Reviewer 2: I'm still concerned (and this applies to OpenID4VP too) that we are undermining referencing the COSE IANA registry with this language, which should be the primary source of algorithm identifiers. For example if guidance were to change with the IANA registry again in future, this language would make it super complicated to understand what an implementation should do.

Reviewer 3: I tend to agree, (especially in VCI) I think there is a reasonable chance that we are aligning things at the cost of ambiguity. An alternative would be to use arrays of crv/alg parameters, which doesn't have any risk of being misinterpreted.

Author: I added the suggestion raised in the last DCP WG call, so I believe this should be addressed.

### Credential Issuer Metadata {#server-metadata-mso-mdoc}

Cryptographic algorithm identifiers used in the `credential_signing_alg_values_supported` parameter correspond to the numeric COSE algorithm identifiers used to secure the `IssuerAuth` COSE structure, as defined in [@!ISO.18013-5]. The values SHOULD be chosen from the following:

* The value exactly matches the `alg` value in the `IssuerAuth` COSE header;
* Or, the value is a fully specified algorithm, as defined in [@!I-D.ietf-jose-fully-specified-algorithms], and the combination of the `alg` value and the signing key's curve in the `IssuerAuth` COSE structure matches the combination specified by the fully specified algorithm.

> Consequently, depending on the approach taken by the Issuer as described above, the `alg` value in the `IssuerAuth` COSE header MAY NOT directly correspond to the identifier listed in the `credential_signing_alg_values_supported` metadata parameter. This metadata parameter is primarily informational for the Wallet.

Author: ```suggestion
Consequently, depending on the approach taken by the Issuer as described above, the `alg` value in the `IssuerAuth` COSE header MAY differ from the identifier listed in the `credential_signing_alg_values_supported` metadata parameter. This metadata parameter is primarily informational for the Wallet.
```

### Credential Issuer Metadata {#server-metadata-sd-jwt-vc}

> Cryptographic algorithm identifiers used in the `credential_signing_alg_values_supported` parameter are case sensitive strings and SHOULD be one of those JWS algorithm names defined in [@IANA.JOSE].

Author: ```suggestion
Cryptographic algorithm identifiers used in the `credential_signing_alg_values_supported` parameter are case sensitive strings and SHOULD be one of those JWS Algorithm Names defined in [@IANA.JOSE].
```
